Do you deserve to send me to death?
An all-evil miscellaneous sin like you
Everyone will be punished
Take me away
The military industry just ran to my Xu's villa
You're going to fight me
And take away the woman I want to sleep with
Can you go?
And your surname is Guo
I tell you the truth
My current backer
That's Blood Rain Gate Stimulating Elder Ximen Bao, brother
He'll be here soon.
Simon leopard?
So what?
Kneel down and apologize to me immediately
Otherwise, Brother Ximen Bao will come later.
One finger can crush you to death hahaha
Don't say Simon Leopard didn't come.
Even if he came today, he would be dead
Ye Xiaolong's subordinates are killing him
Say what
Ah just you
Just a few of you.
One counts as one
Turn on the lights
Brother Bao is this mad dog
You help me kill him
And this guy named Guo
To protect this mad dog
I don't take you seriously at all
No hurry
Guo Rongkang, you are so brave
Don't even take me seriously
Aren't you awesome?
Why are you dumb?